Slip 1. Write a java program to read the charactersfrom a file, if a character is alphabet then reverse its case, if not thendisplay its category on the Screen. (whether it is Digit or Space).

Slip 2. Write a java program to accept n names ofcites from user and display them in descending order.

Slip3. Write a java program to accept the details of‘n’ employees (EName ,Salary) from the user, store them into the Hashtable anddisplays the Employee Names havin maximum Salary.

Slip4.Design a screen in Java to handle the MouseEvents such as MOUSE_MOVED and MOUSE_CLICK and display the position of theMouse_Click in a TextField.

Slip5 : Define a class student with attributesrollno and name. Define default and parameterised constructor. Override thetoString()method. Keep the count of Objects created. Create objects usingparameterised constructor and Display the objects count after each object iscreated.

Slip 6. Create a calculator with functionality in anApplet.

Slip 7. Write a java program to display “HelloJava” with settings Font- Georgia, foreground color- Red, background color –Blue on the Frame.

Slip 8. Write a java program to design a followingGUI (Use Swing).

Slip 9. Write a java program to display the contentsof a file in reverse order.

Slip10.Write an Applet application in Java fordesigning Temple.

------Slip11.Write a java program to accept Employee name from the user and check whether it
is valid or not. If it is not valid then throw userdefined Exception “Name is Invalid” otherwise display it.

--------Slip12.Write a java program to accept list of filenames through command line and delete the files having extension “.txt”.Display the details of remaining files such as FileName and size.

Slip13.Write a java program to copy the contents of one file into the another file, while copying change the case of alphabets andreplace all the digits by ‘*’ in target file .

-------Slip14.Write a Java program which will create aframe if we try to close it, it should change it’s color and it remains visible on the screen(Use swing).

Slip15. Define an abstract class Shape with abstractmethods area() and volume(). Write a java program to calculate area and volumeof Cone and Cylinder and Sphere.

----- Slip16.Write an application in Java using Awt todisplay 4 X 4 squares on the screen. One of the block will be active with blackcolor. All other blocks should be filled with blue color. Provide commandbuttons as follows to move the active cell. The active cell should be changedonly if it is within the boundary of the squares otherwise give the beep.

Slip17. Write a Java program to design a screen using Awt that will take a user name and password. If the user name andpassword are not same, raise an Exception with appropriate message. User canhave 3 login chances only. Use clear button to clear the TextFields.

Slip18: Write a java program that displays thenumber of characters,lines & words from a file.

Slip19.Write a java program to accept a number fromthe user, if number is zero then  throwuser defined Exception “Number is 0” otherwise calculate the sum of first andlast digit of a given number (Use static keyword).

Slip20.Write a package for Games in Java, which have two classes Indoor and Outdoor.Use a function display () to generate the listof players for the specific games. (Use Parameterized constructor, finalize()method and Array Of Objects)

Slip21. Write a Java program to design a screen using Swing that will create four TextFields. First for the text, second forwhat to find and third for replace.Display result in the fourth TextField.Display the count of total no. of replacements made. The button clear to clearthe TextFields.

Slip22. Define an Interface Shape with abstractmethod area (. Write a java program to calculate an area of Circle and Sphere.(use final keyword)

---------Slip23.Write a java program to accept the details of n Cricket Players from user (Player
code, name, runs, innings- played and number of times not out). The program
should contain following menus:
-Display average runs of a single player.
-Display average runs of all players. (Use array of objects, Method overloading and
statickeyword)

-------Slip24.Write a Java Program to accept the details of Employee(Eno, EName,Sal) from theuser and display it on the next Frame. (Use AWT)

Slip25.Define an Employee class with suitable attributes having getSalary() method, which returns salary withdrawn by aparticular employee. Write a class Manager which extends a class Employee,override the getSalary() method, which will return salaryof manager by addingtraveling allowance, house rent allowance etc.

Slip26.Write a java Program to accept ‘n’ no’sthrough the command line and store all the prime no’s and perfect no’s into thedifferent arrays and display both the arrays.

Slip28. Write a java program to read n Studentsnames from user, store them into the
Array List collection. The program should not allow duplicate names. Display the  names in Ascending order.

Slip29. Write a java program to accept n employee names from user, store them into the
LinkedList class and display them by using.
a. Iterator Interface
b.ListIterator Interface

Slip30. Write an applet application in Java forsmile face.

31. Krishnamurthy number

32. Email Validation @ symbol and User Defined Exception

33. Palindrome numbers from 1 to 200

34. Write a java program to read n students names from user, store them into linkedlist collection. Display the 	names in ascending order.	

35. Write a Java program to create class Employee (eno,ename,age,salary).If  age is less than 18 then raise an exception ‘Age not valid Exception’ else display the record 

36. TreeSet

37.  Invalid String if less than 6 characters else print upper case 

38. Check palindrome

39. Anonymous Inner Class

40. WAP in java to accept a string from the user and display each word of the string in reverse order. Ex - "Hello World" is displayed as “olleH dlroW

41. Write an AWT application that contains a frame and two buttons “RED” and “BLUE”. On clicking the button give respective colour to the frame	

42. Write a Java program to accept a number from the user and find the square root of the same									
43. Write a java program to display “Hello Java” with settings Font- Georgia, Foreground color- Red, background color – Blue on the Frame (Use Label)

-------44. DEPRECATED OLD PROGRAM. NOT IN SLIP

45. YES NO MAYBE, AWT 3 buttons

46. Print the following pattern by giving user a choice 
OPTION 1                     OPTION 2

1                            1234  
12                           123
123                          12
1234                         1


47. AWT program to display various key MouseEvents

48. Write Java Program using Swing that accepts item name, item quantity and price and display total amount as output. (in seperate textbox)

49. Write an awt program with 2 buttons, "Good Morning", "Good Evening" . Display the corresponding message when clicked.